WRR-1010: `Scroller`: Fixed to focus content area properly when `focusableScrollbar` prop is `byEnter` (#1682)
enactjs/sandstone: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

- `sandstone/Scroller`, `sandstone/Slider`, and `sandstone/VirtualList` to have default prop when `undefined` prop is passed

> - `sandstone/Scroller` to focus content area properly on supported platforms when `focusableScrollbar` prop is `byEnter`

Reviewer: Would you please merge the latest release/2.9.x.develop into this branch?

> - `sandstone/Scroller` to show the focus effect of the body on PC environments when `focusableScrollbar` prop is `byEnter`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sandstone/Scroller` to focus content area properly on supported platforms when `focusableScrollbar` prop is `byEnter`
```
